Move from Media Profiles to Constraints (#68)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/Overview.md

An Output is a unit producing media data provided by Receiver(s). Output may consume metadata about the media consuming capabilities from its downstream counterpart. Output is a resource and based on [Resource Core JSON Schema][Resource-Core-Schema].

## API Structure

The API provides a mechanism to get information about Inputs associated with Senders and Outpus associated with Receivers and to constrain Sender from sending Flow not supported by its subscribers.

The API is divided into the following parts:

### Senders

Each Sender has `inputs` resource, which lists identifiers of all Inputs associated with this Sender, and `constraints` resource, which describes restrictions for the Flow associated with this Sender.

### Receivers

Each Receiver has `outputs` resource, which lists identifiers of all Outputs associated with this Receiver.

### Inputs

Each Input has `properties` resource, which has metadata about this Input, and `edid` resource, which keeps effective EDID presented to an upstream counterpart of this Input.

### Outputs

> Each Output has `properties` resource, which has metadata about this Output, and `edid` resource, which keeps EDID presented to this Output by its downstream counterpart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Output has a `properties` resource, which has metadata about this Output, and an `edid` resource, which holds the EDID presented to this Output by its downstream counterpart.
```
